Welcome everyone to this lecture on views often.
There are specific combinations of tables and conditions that you find yourself using over and over
again for a project.
So instead of having to perform that same query again and again as a starting point and making sure
all your statements are correct then having to rewrite that syntax manually what you can do is you can
create a view that will allow you to quickly see the query which is a simple call as if it were a table
that already existed.
For example let's imagine that you have a database and you're working on a project that has something
to do if this database and as you're working on this project and writing reports you notice that there's
two tables that you're always joining together.
So you're always having to write this query of selecting these columns from these tables joined for
each other and so on now instead of having to rewrite that same query over and over again.
Well you can do is you can transform that into a view that way you can instead just say select everything
from The View and begin working from there.
So what a view is it's a database object that it's essentially just a stored query and a view can be
accessed as a virtual table in post press equal.
And the reason I call it a virtual table is that the view is not actually storing that data physically
in another part.
Instead it's simply storing the query in a way that allows you to easily execute that query as if you
were just selecting from an already existing table.
So essentially transforms a complex query that if you're going to use it over and over again just call
it as if it was some table.
So we'll select that from The View OK.
So another important thing to note is that you can also update and alter existing views.
Let's explore these views and P.G. Adelman.
OK.
Here I am in P.G. admin.
I've created a new query editor and I have matrix to connect it to my DVD rental database since I'm
going to be using tables from the DVD rental database.
Let's imagine we're doing a project within our DVD rental store where we need to constantly be asking
information about the customer names and their addresses.
Well in that case I know if I select all the information from my customer table I can see I have a first
name and last name.
And if I keep scrolling down there's an address I.D. which corresponds to their entry in the address
table which if I search for this notice there's an address I.D. here and an address.
So let's go ahead and join these together so I'm going to say select the first name last name and address
from and then we're going to select this from go ahead and select it from the customer table INNER JOIN
address on and we'll say customer the address I.D. is equal to make sure respond address correctly and
then we'll say address that address I.D..
So if we go ahead and run this notice now we have the first name the last name and address.
So notice that this sort of query can start to get complicated very quickly so it might be useful to
save or store this query as a view instead of having to write this over and over again.
And luckily for us creating a view is super simple in post press equal the way we do this is once you
have the query that you want to store ready or you're going to do is use the keyword create view and
then decide what you actually want to call this view.
So we can call this something like customer info and we'll save that as.
And then the query below.
So it's just create view the name of your view as and then whatever you are interested in.
So we go ahead and run this.
You should see CREATE VIEW is successfully return which means now instead of having to rewrite this
entire query I can simply say select everything from and the new View we created customer info run that
and returns back the same output.
Keep in mind not duplicating any information internally.
Instead you're really just saving the query and it will be automatically called for you.
That way you can expand on this by adding things like where calls or having statements or group buys
and so on really helps you simplify things for complex queries.
Now if you find yourself needing to alter view and basically change the under lying query information
from it that's actually also pretty easy to do.
You simply call the.
CREATE OR REPLACE command.
So the way we do that is let's go ahead and say CREATE OR REPLACE view customer info as.
And then I won't go into my query history and let's scroll down here and in your query history it's
going to be a little different than mine but you should be able to find the original query we created
so I copied it.
Let's go ahead and put it in here.
So recall here is our original view query.
Let's add in a new column.
It's got an add in district here.
So what that's going to do is say select first name last name address and then we want to add in the
district column to my customer info view.
So I'm going to run this now and outside CREATE VIEW query return successfully.
So let's say select everything from customer info again we'll say select everything from customer info
run that again.
Now notice the district is also included there.
If you ever want to remove a post crest equal view what you can do is just like dropping a table you'll
say drop view and then the view itself just like a table you can also check if it exists first.
To prevent errors you can say drop view if exists.
Customer info OK if you ever find yourself wanting to change the name of a view you can say alter view
the name of your view and then say rename to and then the new name so we can say something like let's
say C underscore info run that that has alter the view which means customer info is no longer available
for me.
So if I try if I try saying select everything from customer info run that they'll say won't exist but
if I say select everything from C info run that now it does exist.
And if I ever want to drop this then I can say just drop view see info run that.
And now the view no longer exists.
OK.
So that's the very basics of creating views for your convenience in post press equal.
I'll see you at the next lecture.